Add integration test
remove redundant throws clause (#13)
Upgrade to Spring Boot 2.0.5.RELEASE and Spring Cloud Finchley.SR1
Upgrade to @SpringBoot 2.0.3.RELEASE and @SpringCloud Finchley.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 2.0.2.RELEASE and Spring Cloud Finchley.RC1
Upgrade to Spring Boot 2.0.1.RELEASE
Remove front matter
Replace jar gradle task with bootJar task
Upgrade to Spring Boot 2.0.0.RELEASE
Upgrade to Gradle 4.6
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.5.10.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.5.9.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.5.8.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.5.7.RELEASE
Added See Also links (#11)
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.5.6.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.5.5.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.5.3.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.5.2.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.5.1.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.5.0.RELEASE
Set maven pom.xml to Spring Boot 1.4.4.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.4.4.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.4.3.RELEASE
Upgrade plugin from spring-boot to o.s.boot
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.4.2.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.4.1.RELEASE
Upgrade to gradle 2.13
Add macro for @SpringBootApplication
Add a simple integration test
Upgrade to @SpringBoot 1.4.0.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.3.7.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.3.6.RELEASE
Add Maven wrapper
Add CONTRIBUTING doc
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.3.5.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.3.4.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.3.3.RELEASE
Migrate to container-based infrastructure
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.3.2.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.3.1.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.3.0.RELEASE
Upgraded to Spring Boot 1.2.7.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.2.6.RELEASE
Add footer
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.2.5.RELEASE
Fix slack notifications
Travis caching removed
Add travis support
Upgrade non-specific guides to Java 8
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.2.4
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.2.3.RELEASE
Upgrade to Gradle 2.3
Merge pull request #7 from snicoll/boot-1.2
Harmonize guide
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.2.2.RELEASE
Remove mavenLocal and libs-release from gradle build
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.2.1.RELEASE
Remove legacy start-class property from maven builds
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.1.10.RELEASE
Convert to use https for repositories
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.1.9.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.1.8.RELEASE
Remove redudant 'run the service' macro
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.1.7.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.1.6.RELEASE
Enable hiding/showing build steps
Update to Spring Boot 1.1.5.RELEASE
Update to Spring Boot 1.1.4.RELEASE
Update to Spring Boot 1.1.3.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.1.2.RELEASE
Add note about why this guide doesn't use @EnableAutoConfiguration
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.1.1.RELEASE
Replace repo.spring.io/release with repo.spring.io/libs-release
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.1.0.RELEASE
Update path to macro content
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.0.2.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.0.1.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.0.0.RELEASE
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.0.0.RC5
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.0.0.RC4
Convert to mvn compile for initial codeset
Replace initial gradle build with compileJava
Move final build file to the beginning and update guides to reflect this
Remove version number from Spring Boot starters
Replace 4.0.x with 'current' for javadocs
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.0.0.RC3
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.0.0.RC2
Upgrade to gradle 1.11
Upgrade to Spring Boot 1.0.0.RC1 and other dependencies
Remove old SIDEBAR files
Initial cut of tag and project metadata
Remove unneeded jump_ahead parameter
Convert to asciidoctor
Fixed macro so it mentions M6
Upgrade to Spring Boot 0.5.0.M6
Rebuild with gradle 1.8 and also update to Spring Boot 0.5.0.M5
Upgrade guide to use Gradle 1.8
Update a macro so that it properly uses spring.io
Replace repo.springsource.org with repo.spring.io
Upgrade to Spring Boot 0.5.0.M4
Replace 'Spring Boot starter POM' with Spring Boot
Replace static.springsource.org with docs.spring.io
Rebuild sidebar
Rename tut-web in sidebar
Add tut-web to sidebar
Upgrade to Spring Boot 0.5.0.M2
Update guide to include like to gs-sts
Rename spring{framework-meta => -guides}
Convert guide to display both Gradle and Maven info
Rebuild guide and sidebar based on latest edits
Merge pull request #5 from btalbott/master
Make final edits.
Apply http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/3.0/ to written work in this repo
Add ASLv2 license for the code in this repo
Clarify mods to buildscript section
Clean up gradle build steps
Update link to reference docs
Convert guide to gradle
Fix sidebars based on @beverleytalbott 's feedback on several pull requests
Use proper name of Git
Fix links for /undestanding/Git
Replace understanding docs with macros
Move SIDEBAR into a template file
Replace Tutorial TBD with REST tutorial
Fix link to spring-boot-maven-plugin
Capitalize /understanding/{subject} as approprite
Fix maven-compiler-plugin to version 2.3.2
Upgrade to Gradle 1.7
Add intro sentence
Replace /content with / in GSG links
Add run.sh for CI support
Use libs-snapshot instead of snapshot
Remove 'TODO' from pom.xml and rebuild guide
Add gradle support
Edit guide to properly use spring-boot:run
Convert spring-boot-up to spring-boot-starter
Upgrade to Spring Boot
Update README to remove title
Replace java -jar with picketed code block
Convert to spring-package-maven-plugin and Spring Zero
Regenerate guide after folding in edits.
Merge pull request #4 from btalbott/master
Change capitalization.
Add build_executable_jar_subhead macro, edit SIDEBAR.
Fixed typo in macro
Regenerate guide based on macro updates from @btalbott
Update guides using complete/pom.xml to instead use initial/pom.xml
Strip out -complete and -initial from artifacts. Regenerate guides suitably.
Typo in macro. Regenerate guides
Update build_the_application macros to link in gs-convert-jar-to-war
Renegerate guides based on updated macros.md
Replace java -jar with run_the_application macro
Delete old README.src.md
Regenerate guides based on update to macros.md
Add sidebar
Update README to use macros
Convert README to generate from fpp
Remove lingering gradle artifacts
Remove include of maven-project-setup-options
Generate README.md files from README.src.md
Pull in code blocks with {!include:...} syntax
Refactor to new {!include} syntax
Version all GS guides at 0.1.0 per http://semver.org
Update to use new {!snippet:...} syntax
Merge pull request #3 from btalbott/master
Revise per comments
Edit per guidelines
Factor out additional macros
Add maven-shade-plugin link reference
Use proper blockquote syntax for "Note" admonition
Display scheduled task command line output
Disable gradle builds until Spring Bootstrap is ready to help STS.
Updated code and guide based on content feedback from @ChrisBeams.
Merge pull request #1 from cbeams/master
Edit scheduled task 'complete' sources
Edit scheduled task 'complete' sources
Rewrote guide, removing domain, and updated links for cron expressions.
Renamed package name to hello
Renamed the scheduled class.
Trimmed out the UserService domain, and instead just have it print a simple message.
Rewrote without using Spring Bootstrap, and tried to make it even simpler.
Remove Spring Bootstrap intermediate artifatcts and then ignore them in the future.
Renamed 'start' as 'initial' and updated README appropriately
Rewrote draft to follow flow of gs-rest-service.
Fix typo from renmaing MyApplication to App.
Rename MyApplication to App.
Make some adjustments based on planning meeting.
Add links to Getting Started with Maven and Gradle guides.
Fix cronExpression details based on Spring CronSequenceGenerator.
Polish up .gitignore so it's a bit more readable.
Polish up guide based on reviewing other guides.
Add empty "start" version of the guide's code.
Fix pom.xml in complete so it has a suitable, non-colliding artifact name.
Push all the code into a /complete section.
Fix ConcurrentModificationException when deleting old users.
Add steps to clone the project into the README.
Add maven support to the guide's app.
Fixed build.gradle with package rename.
Mark up the TOODs a little more clearly.
Renamed package declaration in the code and the doc.
Rename 'hello' package folder as 'schedulingtasks'.
Write the app driven by the guide. Then correct the guide appropriately.
Replace bold with code tags to wrap class names in the middle of prose.
Round out the tail end section on using cron expressions.
Initial creation of the Getting Started with Scheduling Tasks